Update cloud-cli-installation.md (#3955)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/cloud-cli-installation.md

> Verify the installation:

Reviewer: I moved this up so you read it before executing commands. @greg-mckeon , is `.zshrc` and bash Mac OS specific? Should we make this more OS agnostic or add something Windows specific?
```suggestion
Verify the installation by requesting your homebrew installation path (not your dbt core installs). If the `which dbt` command returns nothing, then you should modify your PATH in `~.zshrc` or create an alias.
```

Author: this is mac or linux specific. there isn't really a more agnostic option, but most beta users are on mac. it seems ok to leave for now.

```bash

> which dbt  -- Should return your homebrew install path, not your dbt core installs. If not, you'll need to modify your PATH in ~.zshrc or create an alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which dbt
```

project-id: '123456'
```

> You can find your project ID by selecting your project and clicking on **develop** in the navigation bar. Your project ID is the number in the URL: https://cloud.getdbt.com/develop/26228/projects/__{project id}__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find your project ID by selecting your project and clicking on **Develop** in the navigation bar. Your project ID is the number in the URL: https://cloud.getdbt.com/develop/26228/projects/`PROJECT_ID`.
```

> If dbt_cloud.yml already exists, edit it to ensure you have a project-id field with a valid project ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If dbt_cloud.yml already exists, edit the file and verify the project ID field uses a valid project ID.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
